alright the next section I'm going to
cover pretty quickly is the tools
section we're not going to cover
everything in this right now we're going
to go over it a little bit more detail a
little bit later but I'm going to touch
on some things that are actually pretty
important but you're not going to use
them too often first we're going to
cover is importing if you're migrating
from a different blogging software such
as bloggers or livejournal or or maybe
even another version of WordPress that
you used on another site this is a
really handy tool to use so you want to
go to tools and go to import and let's
say if we were going from another
wordpress install we would simply click
on this WordPress link here and it would
give you the instructions for each
individual one so you'd browse find the
file upload it and it would take care of
everything for you it's a very handy
feature in WordPress and that also rolls
right into our next one which is export
if you go under tools and go to export
you'll be able to export all of your
data if you don't have a plug-in that
doesn't automatically for you into a
particular file for you to keep archives
and keep a backup copy in case something
ever happens to your WordPress blog so
all you have to do is click the download
export file you can restrict what the
author which author you're exporting but
you can basically just download the
export file and it'll save it for you
it's a very handy tool to have and the
last one is the one you'll probably see
the most and that's probably the upgrade
whenever there's an upgrade available
for WordPress it'll display it pretty
much all over your blog it'll play in
the footer in the header it'll display
it just about everywhere and all you
have to do is just click on the Upgrade
button it'll take you to this page or if
you want to you can check it on this
page and what will happen is if there's
ever an upgrade available it'll give you
a button that says upgrade automatically
and you can click that button it'll
automatically download the new files and
install them for you automatically it's
a very handy feature instead of having
to go in through your FTP and uploading
them all individually and overriding
them and doing a database upgrade also
so that's all we're going to cover for
tools right now and we'll touch on it
again a little bit later